{
"trump_wins_variable":
[
"thanku cnn for people to get and vote for trump",
"yeah with the russians intervention trump might win",
"vote trump to clean the swamp.",
"vote vote vote ! trump .any biden supporters are fools for continuing to be after this weeks bombshell hunter biden news.",
"our family has never taken a poll but we have votes for trump in the family. i never believe polls, there is just too much to be skewed in them.",
"do not lie. trump is going to win",
"if biden wins we all lose.",
"im voting trump",
"trump wins",
"trump might win again",
"trump ...exactly what the country needed ...criticize him all you want ....he will win because the country wants it .",
"go out and vote trump!",
"cnn are embarrassing. cannot wait to taste those tears when trump wins",
"keep this in mind, everyone... joe said he would bring million new jobs, but failed to mention the very important detail that he would get rid of million. if you want to keep the economy good, vote trump.",
"distorting reality and forcing you to believe what they say is true . because its the news right the news would not lie to you right ? ? wrong . form your own opinions do your own research . majority of trump supporters are great charitable peeplez . serve humanity vote trump .",
"vote red folks. cnn lies trump !!!",
"i just voted for president trump, best president ever period. jesus christ bless president trump",
"vote trump. cant stump the trump baby",
"trump is going to win in a landslide.",
"voting blue is voting for infanticide  - late stage abortion is an abomination and a cardinal sin! stop the demoncrats ! vote trump !!!",
"msm cnn still lying, trump will win by any indicator.",
"nothing wrong, vote trump",
"no worries trump is going to win handily",
"i tell people im voting biden but im actually voting trump. gotta bamboozle these libs",
"cnn you are disgusting! nothing but lies. trump is going to win by a landslide. trump",
"trumps winning again, florida is red",
"uh-oh cents now backing trump! is he now white as well fake news cnn? oh that's right, according to biden he is. if you do not vote for him as a black person then they aren't black... again, you're pathetic!!!! trump",
"i was voting for biden but this changed my mind to trump it time to wake up i love america too"
],
"biden_criticize_variable":[
"will biden pack the courts? hunters laptop? what will price of gas be if biden wins and shuts down mining and oil drilling again like he did with obama? biden took big donations from billionaires that he would owe favors to...what has biden promised them? the squad said they have big plans for what they goinv to make biden do..like what?",
"cnn is asking a vote for a democrats .......kkkkkkkk...... oh really ???? this channel is work for evil biden",
" do not vote for corrupted joe",
"harris is a nut she shouldn't be on that see more less a vice president mark my words if biden wins hell in a baskets going to come",
"more cnn fear mongering. we already know the figures are exaggerated and taken out of context. they tell you the numbers are worse so you vote biden. it is absolutely disgusting. biden couldnt even handle swine flu. i think biden would have done a worse job than trump on covid. out of the g7 countries, usa is doing the best and they are about 2 million deaths better off than was predicted. easy to critiscise isnt it cnn?",
"here is joe biden admitting to most extensive and inclusive voter fraud organization in history either he has admitted the truth or it has to be dementia!!!! this is what you are voting for?? think for yourselves!and, as always, here is the link to the facts: ",
"china wants biden to win badly.",
"joe idiot biden claims he condemns the violence. this is bullshit politics. he may say that but neither he nor harris has made any effort to stop it in any way shape or form. it is not in their best interest. they have made a pact with the devil.joe and harris will say anything to get votes and once in power they will screw everyone of us. this is their mo. do not be fooled. you may not like trumps tweets and he is working for you and i.",
"if youre voting for biden make sure you start touching up on your mandarin ... duolingo and babbel are free to download on any smart device",
"donald trump for ! ! ! god must help america if you vote for joe biden then china will win over our great country because we must move forward , china the ccp virus turned the whole country up side down trump did fight tooth and nail to get us free from china doctor fauci should focus on speaking to people on how to stay safe from the covid19",
"if you want to live in a democracy, vote for trump if you want to live in communism, vote for beijing biden",
"you mean the biden family crimes ?? joe needs to answer questions about money from russia , china and ukrain . no answers , i vote trump , q did not leave the laptop at the repair shop , hunter did !!!!",
"joe biden has been in the pocket iif the chinese for years selling us out. vote for trump!!!",
"vote against joe biden , target and obama for system commercial years old you're.",
"life of americans under harris and biden regime.the `` new green deal '' will destroy our economy . gasoline prices will go up creating huge inflation . heating energy for our homes will do the same . they will create laws that will make impossible for republicans to win at anything . they will pack the supreme court to achieve their agenda . our country will become a one ruling party system . more shootings , killings and unrest in the democrat lead cities `` just watch the local news and you will see the crime became a",
"sorry this won't help dems.biden is imploding anyway.a vote for biden is a vote for china",
"guarantee the security of the country against the threat of russia and china . someone who doesn get their son a job with no experience in a foreign country . someone who doesn make money from dirty deals with foreign governments . wait a minute , that means you should vote for trump because biden will sell the country to the lowest bidder if he can make any money from it !",
"joe isn't gunna win .",
"trump is winning like crazy ! biden can get a single person to go out to his rally don see any one supporting him",
"biden will step down after a few months and harris will become president if the democrats win . and they know this . i hope trump wins",
" vote trump if you live america . biden is a filthy clown who will destroy this country . he will",
". my dearest christians brothers and sisters in america if you loves us and care for us . please please vote for trump . please please vote for trump . joe biden is not what you want oooooooo . joe",
"i am not even american, but damn its a no brainer to vote biden - harris",
"vote for biden is a vote for evil",
"why cannot sloppy joe speak for himself?? biden win = obama's 3rd term",
"definitely do not vote for such a candidate of the pseudo-democrat joe biden . biden laptop . email . biden 's corruption scandal",
"vote trump. biden cant remember who he is, harris cant remember that he was a racist..."
],
"biden_wins_variable":
[
"there is only one way to remove trump from the presidency: come and vote for the democrats! the blue wave must be big!",
"vote for joe biden for president and kamala harris for vice president if you want to live!!",
"i am voting for joe biden",
"ountry , god bless i hope u find your way , ps , your the superpower of the world u aint setting a very good example , things dont go your way , u lie manipulate the public into something crazy is gon na happen , i hope joe biden wins , so the media can shut the fuck up ! ! ! ! peace out america its red white n blue , but whatever colour the dems are thats the only colour u see in the flag , good luck cuz if u dont win i can see a",
"it's time to make america great again change in the white house , for the soul of this nation joe biden is going win high number trump people in other nations does not respect america time for change,",
"simple !!! go vote biden !!!",
"november get out and vote for biden !",
"trump is dictator usa cannot afford to keep. vote blue biden",
"this is why people need to vote for biden in numbers that will make it hard for trump or his retarded cultists to dispute the result.",
"trump needs too goo..with hes lies bully an walls.. vote for joe biden..",
"i voted for biden and harris",
"vote for biden",
"biden wins",
"biden will win",
"cant wait for biden to win",
"i believe biden won already trump knows this",
"lie everyone vote for joe biden",
"please vote for biden-harris",
" i vote for biden and kamala .",
"remember to vote biden on november",
"my pitbull voted for biden",
"biden has to win by a large majority, i mean large, i am a veteran and all veterans should vote biden. after all the bad things trump has said about veterans he does not deserve to win.",
"joe will win landslide and donny will leave the wh with his tail between his legs. bye bye don",
"please america vote for joe biden and i will give up one day of meat",
"biden is winning big. he is up on every poll. don bother voting for biden. just chill and watch netflix. he is gonna win. i feel very bad for trump. i mean trump did do a lot for the country.",
"vote biden and vote blue down the ballot.",
"hell ya... thank u ma'am and cnn for bringing us the truth, even if it made me cry along with my fellow humans it is needed. vote america, vote biden and let's get this crazy lunatic out of our house.",
"trump has failed us!!!!! i republican and will vote for biden!",
"biden harris 2020. polls look good but we need to vote like we're losing",
"im still voting green party . biden will still win , but in four years we will need the green party to",
"they said this back in 2016 ! ! look like this , poor snowflakes , if joe biden win 's our country will be done ! ! but our president will win in a landslide .. fake poll",
"gosh. i hope biden wins",
"best speech ever! come on florida, vote and make joe biden president and kamala harris vice president",
"thing on his mind , to get as much money as possible himself . please go to the polls and vote for j. biden . even if biden has mistakes , he is a real diplomat who stands for our"
],
"trump_criticize_variable":
[
"i am voting and trump needs to go he is horrible!!",
"biden won this . trump still had no substance , context , or plan to any of his answers . trump",
"it does not matter how rr's son thinks trump is not qualified for that position, american people voted trump in. however, it just makes me wonder how horrible the democrats are? perhaps horrible enough to make people lose mind to choose a grifter to fit that position.",
"there no way trump wins this election without cheating! .....again.....",
"the republican party they should have stood up to trump when he went off the rails . i will not vote for cowards , be it draft dodger or scared yes men corrupt congressmen or women .",
"if trump wins the kkk,white supremacists,racists,and worst off all russia wins",
"trump not the only problem the people in the white house and the republican's that support him and we need vote all of them out",
"super important . trump is absolute opposite of reagan . he is the devil 's puppet and only the idiotic vote for a clown like him . bring the party of reagan and lincoln back !",
"trump and his campaign is just using ppl like you and other blacks to keep blacks away from voting for biden, and others voting for him. you really believe they mean you guy's any good, after almost yrs in office? with all the injustices, racism, money for the rich, and republicans appoinitees on the supreme court seats? kmt!!!people you need to wake up!!!",
"if trump was running in my country, he would get destroyed about to. also in my country, everyone's vote is counted equally. you cannot lose the election and still win like you can in the united states.",
"come on floridians let's bring this win home. get rid of trump, let's put biden in the whitehouse. lock trump up, lock trump up",
"trump is making line up at the polls to loser a choice of one's health or democracy what a leader loser",
"can you imagine what will happen to american if trump gets re-elected for another term? go and vote for biden!",
"we need landslide victory vote vote send this trump criminal lying family and cronies like mitch, and lindsay, back to the hole they came out of,dont trust polls vote",
"asian americans must vote trump out!!!!!!!",
"trump wins ,putin wins",
"shameless trump is riging the election dark money court standing by loser shameless republican party need a house cleaning.",
"trump is so bizarre and so nasty. cnn's not trying to talk anyone out of voting, they want people to vote. the more people vote, the better chance biden has of winning because there are more democrats than republicans in this country. trump's not just the worst president in u.s. history, he's also the biggest a-hole on the planet.",
"trump is a completely worthless disgusting invalid. any doctor that votes for it needs to be removed from his or her position",
"this psychopath trump has to be voted out! period!",
"trump is going to try to rig the election for he's advantage. we need to vote in big numbers to big to rig",
"trump did not win he cheated and bribed his way in on",
" as a lesson . don expect biden to win if you don go out and vote . no voting means a vote for trump",
"damn right. you know who trump is now. vote for him again and america will be the laughing stock of the world.",
"trump is a sick man. he is a cheater ! cannot win on his own so he cheats. what a loserdonnie jr.talks about men hitting bidens cars. sick like his dad.get rid of the scumbags!",
"if you vote trump you ain't black- is racist!",
"trump only care for himself and his money in the stock markets. america it's time to divorce him and leave him alone do not waist your time and vote on him because mr biden is the real deal",
"the sad fact that trump still has a chance of winning says a lot about where america is now.",
"the problem is that some people never vote. the electoral is going to put trump back in office so it probably does not matter if you vote anyway, they always do what they want.",
" it 's not enough to beat trump ... we need to annihilate trump . * everyone needs to vote this time -- even if you think trump is going to lose . we need to bury trump and",
"trump is a known commodity now. americans that voted for him in wanted something different and they got it, a train wreck.",
"the  closet trump voters no longer exist.. those people are now ashamed they voted for trump in , and will not in",
"look, i dont think cube is a sellout. the dems have obviously taken black votes for granted. my issue is that cube made himself a token for the trump campaign because trump will never do anything for anyone other than himself and always have. its not a good look though.",
"lies so now let see how the trump family handle the truth about how weak donald trump is . i voted in person and waited for hour go biden/harris"
]
}